fireworks have gunpowder up some
kind in some kind of explosive
that requires the oxygen in the
air
to big night this is what
burning something means oxygen
plus
this other chemical releases
energy so
if you have fireworks in space
you would have to carry its own
accident with otherwise you
can't lie
cousin space nothing burns
because there's no option
so if you managed to
habit with its own oxidant there
goes our
are the differences on earth
fireworks go up and then they
cascade down it we choreograph
the thruster the rocket with the
dow report gravity
in the design of the fireworks
displays
in space that was among the
chrysanthemum one where it
played with
everyone's favorite goes up and
looks like a a weeping willow
worker chrysanthemum if you
match in doing this in space
and you do that they're just
keep going in every direction
they went to a stop
by the way they're stopping
because air resistance prevents
them from continuing
to extend in space where there's
no air and
the forces a grab your
neutralize things were just
completely
they were just you lose the
effect
the fireworks were invented for
on earth in air
your give me in colonies give up
the notion of fireworks figure
something else to educate
yourself on July 4th